hi I'm chef Keith snow welcome to my
kitchen I want to show you how you can
make your own grilled chicken Caesar
salad very easy the first step is to add
our chicken grilling I'm gonna get our
grill nice and hot here and in this bowl
is one chicken breast first thing I'm
gonna do is take the juice of 1/2 of
lemon and you obviously could let this
marinate a little bit but you don't
really need to a little bit of
extra-virgin olive oil some black pepper
quite a bit of black pepper and then
some kosher salt
we take our tongs and just make sure
that this chicken breast gets seasoned
and sort of marinate it all the way
around and the reason you wouldn't want
to let this sit is that's lemon juice
it'll start to cook the chicken so our
grill is nice and hot we'll take this
chicken breast and get it right on
and now this I'll let cook and then
we'll pay attention to the rest of our
salad so here is our lettuce and this is
organic romaine lettuce and romaine is
definitely the kind you want to use for
Caesar because it has good crispness so
what we'll do here is we'll take our
bowl and usually this is just torn you
don't really need to use a knife to cut
it up just tear it up with your hands
[Music]
the other thing I would say is when
you're making a Caesar salad you surely
want your serving plate to be very cold
because there's nothing worse than warm
Caesar salad the biggest reason I don't
order it in most restaurants because
I've had it come out to me warm too many
times and I'm just picky about cold
salad and also you want to make sure
your greens are chilled as well we're
gonna take our Caesar salad dressing
pour the whole thing right over the top
that's about a quarter cup we're gonna
take a little bit of our Parmesan cheese
not the whole thing
and get that in there and then I'm gonna
reach right here and take two spoons and
start tossing this
trying to get all of the greens coded in
the Caesar mix okay our chicken is done
so we are going to take it off you see I
developed some nice carmelization on the
chicken give it beautiful flavor so from
this point I'm going to grab quick fork
and you want to slice this into strips
[Music]
so let me grab my tossed salad and I'll
put a nice big pile in the center of our
plate just like that and then we're
going to take our chicken which is
pretty hot put that right over the top
we don't need all that
and then I garnish with the remaining
Parmesan cheese and of course our
crunchy garlic croutons and there is a
chicken Caesar salad that you can be
proud of
make that one today harvest eating calm
the only social network website on the
Internet
dedicated to seasonal local and organic
foods view hundreds of recipe
instruction videos hosted by chef Keith
snow a nationally recognized expert in
seasonal cooking all it takes is an
email address to join now for free
we welcome you into the harvest eating
community start living healthier today
you